and in it I'm going to put almonds and
cream that's why it's called Shahi or
royal karma to make it first I have to
make a paste of garlic and ginger I've
made that kind of piece before so in
this food processor here
I've already blended together a an inch
cube of ginger which has been peeled and
chopped 8 cloves of garlic and 6
tablespoons of water and now I'm going
to put in the special ingredient which
is going to make it
royal and that is the almonds so what I
have here are 2 ounces of ground almonds
you can use any kind of blanched almonds
they can be chopped or cut in different
ways but powdered almonds are little
easier to use so here it is 2 ounces of
ground almonds put that in and then all
I'm going to do is just blend
and that's it and I shall take this
mixture and add it to the sauce when I
make it now what I have here is about
seven tablespoons of vegetable oil in a
heavy pot and in it I have been browning
in several batches two pounds of lamb as
I said you could use beef but I'm using
lamb this particular time it is lamb
from the bone taken off the leg totally
boned and cut into 1-inch cubes after
the pieces have brown this is the last
batch I've browned all the other batches
I'm going to take this meat out
and then in the hot oil that's left I'm
going to put in ten whole cardamom plots
six whole clothes and an inch piece of
cinnamon stir them around for a few
seconds like this and then put in onions
of the seven ounces of finely chopped
onions now the onions need to be browned
properly and again we've discussed this
in an earlier program the Browning will
take you anywhere from oh seven minutes
even longer sometimes depending upon the
size of your pot but you do have to have
the onions very nicely browned now in
this pot here you can see the onions
they've been beautifully browned over
here and into this hot mixture of onions
and spices I'm going to put in that
spice paste that I made earlier with the
almonds in it so here in goes this
delicious spice paste with almonds all
of it and I'm going to give that a very
good stir now it's important that this
paste be brown slightly every stage
again of the sauce making requires a
little bit of browning so on a high
flame I'm going to stir this around
until it gets lightly browned
then the next thing that goes in is a
mixture of dried spices so I have here a
teaspoon of ground coriander two
teaspoons of ground cumin and half a
teaspoon of cayenne that goes in as well
now this needs to be lightly fried also
so keep stirring and keep browning like
this